the Dow Jones has been flirting with
20,000 for some time now unable to crack
it heavy resistance has been felt at the
border of the 20K and Traders have yet
to be able to take advantage of the
potential rally if the Dow Jones breaks
20,000 this will be the result you came
here for the result so let me unveil
that for you today we will talk about
20,000 on the Dow Jones we're going to
talk about Bitcoin we are going to talk
about poverty and homelessness let's get
into it right away beginning with this
the Dow 20,000 fails to yield in the
best week for us stocks in a month so
here we have this rally but yet it's
just shy of that 20,000 Mark and of
course that's just now we'll see what
happens next week yet again in investors
watch the Dow Industrial Average just uh
stopping short of that 20,000 level even
as us equities uh resumed their
post-election rally and the best week
gains in a month so here we are at this
time frame where individuals are really
desperately looking for a boom I would
suggest to everyone that it isn't the
entire stock market which is rising and
this has been noted that you have
particular sectors and then you look
even closer it is particular stocks
which have done very well when you
extract those particular stocks the best
performers the movement of the stock
market looks a lot less good to put it
simply but of course that's not the way
it works you sort of have to look at it
on on the bigger picture but I just
found it interesting to show and I've
shown those charts before that if you
take away let's say the top two or three
performers from each
sector automatically all of the sectors
start looking really bad as a result
it's really interesting because and and
ultimately what has happened here is the
incentives That central banks have been
given to purchase shares of the stock
markets this space basically gives them
an opportunity and they buy in to the
biggest names I mean that's just the way
it works so they all are buying up
these stocks and choosing particular
ones and that results in of course
inflated prices in particular stocks
versus uh entire sectors or the entire
stock market as a whole there's more in
there but uh I think we'll leave it at
that record 95 million Americans not in
the labor force the number grew
18% since the Nobel Peace Prize Obama
took office in
2009 think about that
95 million people in the US are not in
the labor force now of course if you
think about it I mean not every single
person can be working I mean you're not
going to have an infant working this is
the way the numbers are calculated but
when you think about it I mean it's 95
million people and then you also have to
factor in the other numbers that they
mention here is that it grew by
18% and you think that you know what
that really comes down to is that nearly
20% higher numbers when he took from
when he took off his St now I mean it
just shows you how bad things have
gotten but hold on to that because near
the end I'm going to show you even more
statistics about
this let's look at this right here labor
force participation but
specifically uh 65 years and over
without disabilities okay and it's clear
it's this it's really distinct here the
trend line is up in uh practically a
straight
line they're
suggesting this is is the way that media
skew information and I love seeing it I
love seeing the deception and I love
picking it apart and making it clear for
everyone to see they said more people
are retiring you got these baby boomers
who are just in droves they're just
retiring right
now where I see it to be a little
different is they've taken these numbers
that people over 65 without a disability
are not in the labor
force but just like the others not in
the labor
force you see people over 65 they can't
get work so it's not like they're
retired because they're ready to go to
Florida and relax for the next 20 years
or what have you no they got laid off
from their job wherever that was uh a
Walmart greeter or or maybe they worked
at you know here or there doesn't
matter and as a result layoffs they
can't get another job they're not part
of the labor force and they're calling
it as if it's you know a beneficial
thing that they are ready to retire it's
not like that in fact I've spoken to
many
people having this channnel now for the
past few years
and time really
flies but uh what I've noted is that so
many people have contact me over the
years saying I'm you know I'm such and
such age whatever that would be let's
say 60 65 years old and they are
desperate for work they're looking for
work they need work but they can't get
it and it's um something that is uh
truly unfortunate and we have to do what
we can right now to change this let's
look at this remember I talked about I
did a video about it recently about the
Dallas Police and Fire pension members
okay remember they decided that there
would be a little bit of a change
occurring with their
pensions a little bit of a scheme or
scam and what this was all started
because of something called
drop and
essentially deferred option retirement
accounts this was a very profitable
way and it caused what they would say a
shortfall they couldn't pay back a Ponzi
scheme no denying that right the city
has agreed to put in an additional
billion dollars over 30 years they're
proposing a series of here we go bitter
pills to make up the rest of the $4
billion
shortfall let's let's see what uh what
they've done here the city is calling it
let's just let's just look at this you
know this this is the kind of thing I
live
for
Equity adjustment George Orwell couldn't
have said it
better retirees are calling it a
clawback that's right you made money
let's just say let's just
say that you made money in your stock
okay I invested in Google stock today it
is $100 tomorrow it is $200 I made a
$100 profit you would say wow amazing
done so well wait a second Google and
its U board and uh you know the
shareholders everyone came together and
decided that no it wasn't going to be
$200 because they can't afford it so
suddenly it's now a
$100 again and you say well wait a
minute I made all that profit what
happened to it well they decided to have
an equity adjustment I mean that's the
kind of thing that this is yeah maybe
you didn't agree with drop maybe it was
a bad system but the fact remains is
that it was in place it wasn't as if
they were doing anything illegal as far
as I'm
aware at this time everything was
allowed to happen but they're clawing it
back that's called theft as far as I'm
considered as long as it was legal they
claw it back they have their Equity
adjustment they claw it back that's
illegal that's
theft I don't I'm not agreeing with
either side I'm just looking at it from
a top view saying what if that was your
stock what if that was your bond what if
that was anything that had some sort of
money coming to you because of
appreciation ation and they pull it back
suddenly things don't look so good
anymore that's what worries me about all
of these paper assets really really
Troublesome look at this
homelessness in New York
City record high right now at the same
time you have unemployment rate falling
to cyc cyclical lows so what are you
telling me you're telling me that
unemployment right now drops down it
just keeps dropping and dropping and
everything is just fine right
everything's just fine and dandy it's
all flowers it's all rainbows it's all
happy faces
right then you look at it homelessness
at a record high that should tell you
something that should tell you how bad
things are and you can't skew the
numbers anymore now the Nobel Peace
Prize winner the Lord and Savior Barack
Obama Emperor Barack
Obama he doesn't
authorize any killing okay what he does
is drop kinetic love bombs okay as as he
called it kinetic action okay they're
love bombs they peace bombs and uh he
was you know man he did such a great job
this is where we have to commend Emperor
Obama where he was responsible for
26,000 bombs being
dropped in 2016
alone
26,000 we are supposedly in a peace time
right now there's no World War this
26,000 isn't World War
II this isn't the Vietnam War we're
talking about a supposed peace time and
26,000 times bombs were
dropped let's move on last article oh
actually this is it I just wanted to say
uh if you found this video informative
and
surprise if you didn't find it
informative or if you like what you're
looking at give me a thumbs
down and that's all for this video if
you found it informative I know you'll
find my book The Money GPS even more
informative
so you can actually look through the
book just go over to Amazon where they
have a look inside feature which will
allow you to flip through the pages of
the book and see if you like it take
care P.S there are no pictures of the
Janet Yellen Ben banki hybrid in the
book I promise